good morning, friends, viewers, a pleasure to get to their homes, we are going to
get up with positivism we are finishing another year and this means
that we end with a life cycle
all the energies are activated from all the senses the angel reyna realms
animal the plant kingdom
the united kingdom not everything has a maximum characteristics long ago and why
because one cycle is over
the planet is fulfilling its movement of sperm siomi translation
Around the sun
concludes cycles and this directly influences our life
and within transpersonal psychology
this science treats and addresses all that is called tales myths the
astrology
the popular thoughts
and within this is Chinese astrology and Chinese astrology
suggests that next year the year of the rabbit
we have spent the year of the tiger we are finishing the year the tiger that was the
characteristic
The human being was strengthened by strengthening us through things
unpredictable
and this coming year the characteristic is
The transformation
Transformation means positive transformation in all
our activities is to say the people who perform
your activities in a healthy honest way are going to flourish
and everything that has been done
with all the faith occupies in the aspect
orality
effect of love and in all circumstances it will destroy what was going
to stay
seen is going to be seen is going to be wise this information so vital
importance that this coming year
all our projects the poplars
with values ​​with quality with good
will with good intention this is going to make all of them flourish
our activities one of the characteristics the characteristic of
abundance the health feature is coming
as long as our intention is
good positive will flourish many times to my office come people
nys delivered everything well and it's going badly I see that people who misbehave
they are dishonest and they are doing very well for this year that is coming for all
the honest people of good will the one of triumph and success and shovels
Dishonest people who act without values
they will be outdoors and all the projects will be destroyed
that is, relationships
of couple where dishonesty
where there is infidelity
they remain on the air and in couple relationships are based on love
they are going to get ahead so friend you can also we have business
handle yourself that way with stretching and all the projects that do it with
strength with determination
honesty
will go ahead as we are going to enhance this year of the rabbit
through the righteousness of the peace of love and nonviolence if we
we use of these values
let's activate an abundance of bleach and how are we going to achieve righteousness the
love violence and the amp
in nonviolence and love
through sports meditation
breathing and healthy eating
of our senses
serving our neighbor through our activities if we
We understand these values, have it for sure that it will go very well because
the planetary and psychological astral characteristics of the next
year they present themselves to them so he invited them to work on the values ​​of
be successful in a healthy way
we continue with the news of a palm hug
friends yes